---
layout: post
title:  "one of the people that inspire me"
date:   2017-07-31 11:15:35 +0200
categories: 
---
HI there! 
Today s blog is about one of the people that inspire me as person.
just like most of us if not  all. we have people that we look up to
,or people the we believe to  making a difference and adding value to  this life thing and they are  on 
a path that  we would like to follow.
<br>
One of those particular being is Elon musk.
A software engineer,CEO of tesla,CEO of the boring company... the guy just has too many titles.
Of which he earned. Born in south Africa (Pretoria). He moved to the us in the late 90s.
but i think its safe to say that he is south Africa  s very own innovator 
<br>
why I am  inspired by someone like that you ask...well first of all the guy is resourceful 
i remember reading about him on wiki, he wanted to start a space travel  project if i may call it
so instead of buying a finished product he used the modular Approach and added up the cost of creating 
a rocket from scratch.with that said the raw materials where cheap by that time so the start up of the 
project was a success that same project is called SPACE X.And thats not the best part of it space x was the 
first to successfully launch a rocket out of space that successfully returned to the launch pad. the guy did and still does 
some amazing stuff check tesla for example the fasted electronic car on earth and not only is it fast it has autopilot go figure
more are 
1. solar city
2. zip 2
3. hyperloop
4. open AI
5. neuro link
6. the boring company 
Check out his talks on you tube and visit wiki to find out more about Elon and his work.
